how the confusing panels will work


The confusing panels will be composed of a set number of elements chosen at random from different categories.

DISPLAYS (ways of displaying which detectors/zones are in alarm) - this may be sensitive to conventional vs addressable
INDICATORS (ways of displaying the overall status of the system)
CONTROL PANELS (control layouts)
RULES (how the controls work, the logic or process required to deal with alarms)

the system for assembling these things will be quite separate to the existing Panels
an additional item will be generated alongside the confusing panel - a 'manual' that is dynamically created,
based on the precise selection of elements.

FURTHER DETAIL OF THESE THINGS

DISPLAYS:
LCD, but just one strip that has a scrolling marquee effect
normal LCD but with dead pixels
status LEDs for each input (green, yellow, red, or just positional or 1d with flash patterns), zone groupings - several variations
a clock whose little hand points to the loop/zone number, big hand to the detector (if all clear, points to NORMAL) A small card
  pops up to reveal the type of detector
LED matrix with grid reference/lookup table. eg row A and B are the two-digit loop number, C,D,E are three digit input number.
  F is the type of input, G is the status of the input (alarm, ack, isol, normal)

INDICATORS:
normal status lights
single led. rapid blinking red means alarms active. Long pulses mean alarms are acknowledged. Single flash every 2 seconds means system has isolations.

CONTROL PANELS:
A numerical keypad. That's it - functions are contextually mapped and can be discovered in the manual
a single button to cycle through active alarms.
acknowledgement requires pressing a thumbs-up logo somewhere else on the panel.
user must press N for next, P for previous, A for acknowledge, D for disable, R for reset

RULES:
all alarms must be acknowledged before reset
all alarms must be reset one-by-one
alarms can only be isolated if acknowledged
'do you really want to do this' as an extra confirmation step...
